When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  When we want to cooperate with other people on a project or when we work at different locations
  and need a remote repository to keep the commits up to date

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	We might want to save meaningful changes on a remote branch of our choice. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	fork is an operation to clone a repository on GitHub to our own GitHub account.
	clone is to copy a repository on GitHub to our local machine.
	branches refers to a set of commits that we want to seperate from the main commits of the project.
	We use fork when we need to copy a repository to our GitHub account. We use clone to save a repository to work on our computer.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	we could have latest verions of all files from the remote. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	Without Git and GitHub, we must meet at a place and work on the project together. We also need to inform the others whenever we come up with changes and updates even for tiny ones. Then we have to send the updated files to everyone. 
	With Git and GitHub, we are saved from these dull task of reporting every changes and sending files around. Each person could work on their branches and then merge them back. If there's a conflict, we then could see each other to discuss about it.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	We consider using branches When we collaborate with other people and each of us handle a different part of the project. Another motivation is when we want to try a new feature or experience without interupting the on going project. 
	Working on branches offer more flexibility since we could try new ideas without worrying of crashing the main product. That being said, it might cause some conflict when we need to merge these branches together.